## Prompt:
Insert punctuation and paragraphs in the following text. Highlight keywords that are related to machine learning.

the following is a conversation with
Jana kun he's considered to be one of
the fathers of deep learning which if
you've been hiding under a rock is the
recent revolution in AI that's
captivated the world with the
possibility of what machines can learn
from data he's a professor in New York
University a vice president and chief AI
scientist a Facebook & Co recipient of
the Turing Award for his work on deep
learning he's probably best known as the
founding father of convolutional neural
networks in particular their application
to optical character recognition and the
famed M NIST data set he is also an
outspoken personality unafraid to speak
his mind in a distinctive French accent
and explore provocative ideas both in
the rigorous medium of academic research
and the somewhat less rigorous medium of
Twitter and Facebook this is the
artificial intelligence podcast if you
enjoy it subscribe on YouTube give it
five stars on iTunes support and on
patreon we're simply gonna equip me on
Twitter Alex Friedman spelled the Fri D
ma N and now here's my conversation with
Yann Laocoon you said that 2001 Space
Space Odyssey
Odyssey is one of your favorite movies

## Output from Bedrock using Claude 3 Haiku:
Here is the text with punctuation, paragraphs, and keywords related to machine learning highlighted:

The following is a conversation with Yann LeCun. He's considered to be one of the fathers of **deep learning**, which, if you've been hiding under a rock, is the recent revolution in **AI** that's captivated the world with the possibility of what machines can learn from data. He's a professor at New York University, a vice president and chief **AI** scientist at Facebook, and a co-recipient of the Turing Award for his work on **deep learning**. 

He's probably best known as the founding father of **convolutional neural networks**, in particular their application to optical character recognition and the famed MNIST data set. He is also an outspoken personality, unafraid to speak his mind in a distinctive French accent, and explore provocative ideas both in the rigorous medium of academic research and the somewhat less rigorous medium of Twitter and Facebook.

This is the Artificial Intelligence Podcast. If you enjoy it, subscribe on YouTube, give it five stars on iTunes, support us on Patreon, and follow me on Twitter: Alex Friedman, spelled F-R-I-E-D-M-A-N.

And now, here's my conversation with Yann LeCun.

You said that "2001: A Space Odyssey" is one of your favorite movies.
